---
categories: pki
date: "2022-09-23T19:00:00Z"
title: PKI Training - Day3 - Advanced Cryptography 2
---


First Layer: License based Modules
Second layer: Common Modules

Initially Key Manager generates the keys and then they are available to other modules.

ADSS CA Server:
ADSS OCSP Services:
ADSS TSA Service: RFC3161; Can generate and send notifications; Time Source is critical and may be used as dedicated business model

ADSS Server consists of following three services:
Service: has 2 instances in HA
Console: has 2 instances in HA
Core: Has only 1 instance

**Internal Audit Responsibility:** Microsoft System Center generates an alert on SCOM dashboard. However, it is internal Auditor's responsibility to identify the threats and incidents and take remedial actions.

>Q: Are HSMs multi-tenant systems? Can these services be provided publicly?
>A: Partitions are available in the HSMs. However, the seller may need relevant license from OEM. and there would be need to build a wrapper to expose those services.

Running on Tomcat Server

1. Trust Manager:
This trust no-one by default. However, you can add trusted CAs.

3 CAs + 2 CAs
Signing Service would require new instances and new licenses


2. Access Control - Manage Roles:
Controls the roles and information accessible to those roles are managed here.
Default Roles:
* Administrator
* Security Officer
* Auditor

**Certificates for access Control** Test Certificate or internal use certificates can not be generated by the production web-trusted servers.



3. Global Settings:

* NTP Time Monitoring: Local time is synchronized with NTP via Domain Controller. However, all VMs perform a cross check with the NTP to verify time. System may shutdown itself, incase there is a large skew from NTP.
* OCSP monitor the whitelist of the CA (placed in a database) and read from it to update its own database.
* Notification Settings:
* System Alerts:
* HA Settings:
*

**Incident Management** needs to manage the red and yellow level and investigate such issues.

4. System Logs


#Second Topic
